= chef_handler_splunk

A report handler for Chef that creates data that is easily consumable by Splunk.

This handler will create 3 files in /var/chef/splunk:

  node.data - Information about the nodes attributes, flattened identically to what we do for search
  run.data - Information about the specific run
  resource.data - Information about every resource created during the run

You can then create a simple Splunk app to run all sorts of fun reports.

== Using the Splunk Report Handler

In your /etc/chef/client.rb, add the following:

  require 'rubygems'
  require 'chef_handler_splunk'

  splunk_handler = Chef::Handler::Splunk.new
  report_handlers << splunk_handler
  exception_handlers << splunk_handler

The handler takes two options:

  :path - A path to drop the report files in - defaults to /var/chef/splunk
  :keep - The number of backup files to keep (in the normal chef backup location), defaults to 10

== Contributing to chef_handler_splunk
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Opscode, Inc.

Released under the Apache 2.0 license - See LICENSE for further details.

